https://freesvg.org/cartoon-bunny-vector-image - bunny img
https://freesvg.org/vector-image-of-moo-cow - cow img
http://clipart-library.com/clipart/pkT8ERRir.htm - elephant img
http://clipart-library.com/clipart/p6iyk8bcn.htm - giraffe img
https://freesvg.org/vector-graphics-of-happy-cartoon-hippo - hippo img
https://freesvg.org/studiofibonacci-cartoon-leopard - leopard img
https://freesvg.org/male-lion-cartoon-clip-art - lion img
https://freesvg.org/14thwarrior-cartoon-mallard - mallard img
http://clipart-library.com/clipart/zTXerqRTB.htm - monkey img
https://freesvg.org/lemmling-cartoon-owl - owl img
https://freesvg.org/cartoon-panda - panda img
https://freesvg.org/studiofibonacci-cartoon-peacock - peafowl img
http://clipart-library.com/clipart/riLxed6eT.htm - penguin img
https://freesvg.org/vector-drawing-of-cartoon-pig-with-twisted-tail - pig img
https://freesvg.org/vector-image-of-lemmings-style-polar-bear - polar bear img
https://freesvg.org/cartoon-elk - reindeer img
http://clipart-library.com/clipart/dT9breaT7.htm - rhino img
http://clipart-library.com/clipart/6iropayiK.htm - sheep img
http://clipart-library.com/clipart/ziXeXpxXT.htm - tiger img
http://clipart-library.com/clipart/8cEjyrkKi.htm - zebra img
https://freesvg.org/vector-image-of-primary-question-mark-black-and-white-icon - question mark img